# Next meeting: Rm 163, 3-4pm, Sept 3

## Agenda: 
- Brainstorm on: 
  - building computing skills for researchers 
  - ways researchers can better organize data/analysis

# Minutes from August 27, 2015
Attending: Jon P, David R, Qing C, Daniel G, Ricardo H, Brice A, Natalia P,
Yulyia N, Mark Cyrus, Umakajan U, Navona C, Erin D

## Group actions: 
- **David** to talk to Mark about journal/website access on the CAMH network
- **David** will look into the possibility of a research workstation/laptop
- **David** will look into CAMH-wide wiki options
- **Peter** to also find out cost for CAMH biostatistics service (see last week)
- **Joe** to contact lab heads about surveying lab workflow (see last week)
- **Ricardo** to contact Mehrab about booking a research computing talk series

## Addressing computing issues brainstorm: 

## Presentation at rounds to PIs to get interest
The idea here is for the group to make a presentation at rounds in order to
explain some of the research computing issues we've identified, and foster some
sort of buy-in and interest from PIs about addressing these issues. Also use
this as an opportunity to point out this group's existence. :-)

 - Yuliya checked with Melissa, and we can easily make a short presentation at rounds 
 - Suggestion to make a presentation to PIs and a follow up email with specific
   asks (not sure what those are just yet)
 - David and team are making presentations about Scientific Computing strategy
   *anyway* and will put in a pitch for this group and the importance of
   computing support. 
 - No follow up actions yet; not sure what exactly to present on but the
   opportunity is there. 

## Presentation / talk series on research computing 
Ricardo suggested we could start a talk series that specifically addresses the
computing angle to research at CAMH 

- Ideas: 
  - Audience could be interested in scientific computing / data management / IT
    infrastructure 
  - Could be a regular part of an existing series (e.g rounds) to help cultivate an interest/discussion
  - Could also hold a single event, e.g. research computing day 
  - We could ask regular presenters to present at an additional slot, and this
    time discuss more methods/computing side to their research
  - Possible presenters: Daniel G, Sarah G, Ricardo, Jon, Joe, Erin, ... 
  - Should presenters show details/code? 

- **Ricardo** (and Daniel G) agreed to head up this initiative, and will
  contact the Rounds organiser (Mehrab) to see what's possible, and book
  space/time.
  
## CAMH-wide research wiki
David proposes a research wiki system that would be available for all research
groups to use. 

Ideas/Questions/Concerns: 
 - Would have sections: genomics, imaging, ... + lab specific pages
 - Would it integrate version control? e.g. SVN, git; e.g. github enterprise,
   gitlab, redmine, Confluence.
 - Would this wiki integrate with the Research IT forum? 
 - Labs would need to have private pages (private just to some members of the
   lab, or the entire lab), as well as having pages only visible to CAMH, but
   might also want pages visible to the public and/or collaborators. 
 - How is information/code licensed? If it's published on the wiki, what are the constraints on use? 
 - Side note: might also be important to have a page on licensing/IP at CAMH for all works
 - Would need good search capabilities... 
 - Would likely need one person/team to seed the wiki with content from labs or else it won't be used. 
 - Members of this group could help with the seeding task

We all agreed that conceptually this would be useful, but implementing it so
that it meets everyone's needs would be necessary or else it wouldn't be used. 

**David** will look into what's possible.
